Update index.md (#5927)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/storage/catalog/aws-s3/index.md

When you first create an audience, Engage sends an Identify call for every user in that audience. Later audience syncs send updates for users whose membership has changed since the last sync.

> ##**FAQ**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## FAQ
```

When you first create an audience, Engage sends an Identify call for every user in that audience. Later audience syncs send updates for users whose membership has changed since the last sync.

> ##**FAQ**

Author: Can I change the section name from FAQ to "Troubleshooting" please? @grazilenehan

> ##**FAQ**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting
```

> **AWS S3 destination connection error “Multiple instance of AWS S3 are not allowed for this source"
> **

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### AWS S3 destination connection error “Multiple instance of AWS S3 are not allowed for this source"
```

> Before inspecting the AWS S3 configurations (i.e.: IAM role and trust policy), it’s worth checking if you already have an S3 destination connected to the source in question. Segment only supports one AWS S3 destination per source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might encounter this error if you already have a S3 destination connected to the source in question. Segment only supports one AWS S3 destination per source.
```
